...
Hi and welcome to this concise, highly productive course on the Julia programming language.
I'm Dr. Nauman
I have a PhD and a postdoc in applications of machine learning.
I have more than 15 years of teaching experience and several best seller courses online, including many
related to machine learning and data science.
I know where people struggle with these courses since I've guided several thousand students in these
areas.
Data science and machine learning are fast paced fields where you need to keep up with the latest trends.
If you get stuck with old tools, languages or frameworks currently in use in your job, you will have
trouble when you try to switch jobs or try to solve new problems.
This is why you need to keep yourself updated with the latest tools and languages coming out in this
field in data science and machine learning.
The hot new language that shows a lot of promise is the Julia programming language.
Julia has been gaining acceptance in the industry very fast.
Many people feel that it has the best of both worlds.
It's very, very fast.
It's comparable to fastest languages such as C, and it's also extremely easy to learn.
And that's because it's basic syntax is very similar to the popular Python language.
Due to these two trends, many feel that it will quickly become the language of choice, or at least
a significant player in the fields of scientific computing, data science and machine learning.
In this course, you will learn the best features of Julia in the smallest amount of time
possible.
We take a concise approach towards learning that will allow you to learn the basics.
syntax of Julia, how it's different from Python, how to apply it to the concepts of data science,
and last but not least, how it's machine learning capabilities can enable you to supercharge your career.
If you know Julia, you will stand out from everyone else who has worked with data science on machine
learning.
Simply a mention of Julia in your profile will show potential employers that you are staying ahead of
everyone else and know the state of the art.
Knowing Julia would also allow you to work with the latest and greatest data science tools and machine
learning models and also create your own very, very easily.
And the best part is that there are no prerequisites for taking this course.
If you know some basic python, it will definitely help, but you will still get all of the content
if you've never worked with Python before.
I will, however, assume that you've worked with some basic data science and machine learning models
before, since we won't cover the machine learning during this course.
But if you have worked with any data science tools and or machine learning models before, you should
have no trouble following the content.
This is aimed to be a first course in Julia
It will give you the foundations you need to keep learning on your own even after the course.
Take a look at the preview videos to see what kind of lectures to expect.
Everything is practical, no boring slides, very concise and will get you up to speed in no time at
all.
And I provide stunning support.
All questions are answered within 24 hours.
All this coupled with a 30 day no questions asked...
Money back guarantee means you have nothing to lose.
So enroll now and I'll see you on the inside.